feat (DOCS-CODE-013): [api] canonical protected api access another protected resources on behalf user (#13)
Azure-Samples/ms-identity-docs-code-dotnet: src/protected-api-access-protected-api/README.md

   ```console
   curl -X GET https://localhost:5001/me -ki -H "Authorization: Bearer {valid-access-token}"
   {
      "version": "1.1",
      "content": {
         "headers": [
            {
               "key": "Content-Type",
               "value": [
                  "application/json; odata.metadata=minimal; odata.streaming=true; IEEE754Compatible=false; charset=utf-8"
               ]
            }
         ]
      },
      "statusCode": 200,
      "reasonPhrase": "OK",
      "headers": [
        ...
      ],
      "trailingHeaders": [],
      "requestMessage": {
         "version": "1.1",
         "versionPolicy": 0,
         "content": null,
         "method": {
            "method": "GET"
         },
         "requestUri": "https://graph.microsoft.com/v1.0/me/",
         "headers": [
           ...
         ],
         "properties": {},
         "options": {}
      },
      "isSuccessStatusCode": true
   }
   ```

   :information_source: Since the request is sent with a Bearer Token, it is expected to receive an `OK` response `200`. The web API was already protected and now it demostrate it can access another protected API on behalf of the the user.

## About the code

> This ASP.NET Core application uses minimal web API. The app has a single route requiring a valid Security Token that is going to be used to acquire another token on behalf of the user to access the `/me` protected Microsoft Graph endpoint.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This ASP.NET Core minimal web API has a single protected route, `/me`, that requires callers (client applications making requests to the endpoint) present a valid access token issued by the Microsoft identity platform.

Acting as a middle-tier API, this minimal web API then uses that access token to acquire a second access token from the Microsoft identity platform, this time for Microsoft Graph, on behalf of the user.

Finally, the web API requests data from the Microsoft Graph `/me` endpoint and includes the response data in its response to the original caller.
```

products:
- azure
- azure-active-directory
- ms-graph
urlFragment: ms-identity-docs-code-csharp
---
# ASP.NET Core minimal web API | web api | access control (protected routes), protected web API access (Microsoft Graph) | Microsoft identity platform

<!-- Build badges here
![Build passing.](https://img.shields.io/badge/build-passing-brightgreen.svg) ![Code coverage.](https://img.shields.io/badge/coverage-100%25-brightgreen.svg) ![License.](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-green.svg)
-->

This sample demonstrates an ASP.NET Core minimal web API  that is both protected by Microsoft identity platform and accesses Microsoft Graph on behalf of the user by using [ASP.NET Core Identity](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/aspnet/core/security/authentication/identity?view=aspnetcore-6.0) that interacts with [Microsoft Authentication Library (MSAL)](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/active-directory/develop/msal-overview).

```console
$ curl https://localhost:5001/me -H "Authorization: Bearer {valid-access-token}"

> Graph API call result:

Reviewer 2: Where in the code is this line coming from?

First, complete the steps in [Register an application with the Microsoft identity platform](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/active-directory/develop/quickstart-register-app) to register the sample app.

Use the following settings for your app registration:

| App registration <br/> setting | Value for this sample app                                           | Notes                                                                                                       |
|:------------------------------:|:--------------------------------------------------------------------|:------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| **Name**                       | `active-directory-protected-api-access-protected-api`               | Suggested value for this sample. <br/> You can change the app name at any time.                             |
| **Supported account types**    | **Accounts in this organizational directory only (Single tenant)**  | Required for this sample. <br/> Support for the Single tenant.                                              |

> | **Platform type**              | **Web**                                                             | Required value for this sample. <br/> Enables the required and optional settings for the app type.          |

Reviewer 2: Why does this need a platform type?  An API typically wouldn't as it's not redirecting users anywhere.

Author: thanks for the feedback @ckittel, copy pasta

done  | addressed from [9f9b8](https://github.com/Azure-Samples/ms-identity-docs-code-dotnet/pull/13/commits/9f9b8bc6efe81bff70f00c1676c5b6036cdbe1b3)

Reviewer 2: No more platform type.

Also, the "Expose an API" section seems to look align with other approved examples.

Use the following settings for your app registration:

| App registration <br/> setting | Value for this sample app                                           | Notes                                                                                                       |
|:------------------------------:|:--------------------------------------------------------------------|:------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| **Name**                       | `active-directory-curl-app`                                         | Suggested value for this sample. <br/> You can change the app name at any time.                             |
| **Supported account types**    | **Accounts in this organizational directory only (Single tenant)**  | Required for this sample. <br/> Support for the Single tenant.                                              |
| **Platform type**              | **Web**                                                             | Required value for this sample. <br/> Enables the required and optional settings for the app type.          |

> | **API Permissions**            | `api://{clientId}/user_impersonation`                               | Create a new delegated permission called user_impersonation. Required value for this sample.                |

Reviewer 2: Why would the client need to create this?  It would be the API's permission that it adds.

Author: hopefully we did better now @ckittel, but open to keep iterating till we find the version we like the most

done | addressed from [caf71](https://github.com/Azure-Samples/ms-identity-docs-code-dotnet/pull/13/commits/caf712624342176207e6b30b7a670b232576b441)

Reviewer 2: That helps add clarity, IMO. Thanks.

### 3. Go back to the recently registered web API application

Third, modify the web API application to update the following settings to reference the cUrl app

| App registration <br/> setting    | Value for this sample app                                        | Notes                                                                                              |
|:---------------------------------:|:-----------------------------------------------------------------|:---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| **knownClientApplications**       | Client ID (UUID) of the application created in step 2.           | Required value for this sample.                                                                    |

### 4. Configure the web API

1. Open the _~/protected-api-access-protected-api/appsettings.json_ file in your code editor and modify the following code:

   ```json
   "ClientId": "Enter_the_Application_Id_here",
   "TenantId": "Enter_the_Tenant_Info_Here"

>    "ClientSecret": "Enter_the_Client_Secret_here",

Reviewer 2: Does it matter if the right side of these looks different than the right side of them in the code?

Author: add a comma at the end as well in the `TenantId` and capitalize the `Here` word.

Author: good catch @ckittel,

done | addressed from [773d3](https://github.com/Azure-Samples/ms-identity-docs-code-dotnet/pull/13/commits/773d30d4cdd1a1aa0cbf2446a4bf4ae44b46d241)

Reviewer 2: They are aligned now. Looks good.
